Factory Function: Factory Function is function that returns a new Objects. 
Or: A factory function can be defined as a function that creates an object and returns it. it's similar to construcotr function.

These function do not require the use of the 'This' keyword for inner values.

Factory functions they are just like normal functions but with a specific target to create objects.

.The only difference between a factory function and a normal function is that it returns an object with the assigned values.

Constructor:A constructor is a function that creates and instance of a class which is typically called an object.
In JavaScript, a construtor gets called when you declare an object using the new keyword.

When the This keyword is used in a constructor, it refers to the newly created object:

.The purpose of a constructor is to create an object and set values if there any object properties present.

Or, the propose of a constructor is to create a new object and set values for any existing object properties.


.Constructor vs Object Literal:
An object literal is typically used to create a single object whereas a construcotr is useful for creating multiple objects.

.Object Prototype:
Properties and methods can be added to a constructor using a prototype:

What is Prototype:All JavaScripts inherit properties and methods from a prototype.
Or, The prototype is an object that is associated with every functions and objects by default in JavaScript.


Proto:Every object which is created using literal syntax or construcor syntax with the new keyword, inclued _proto_ property that points to prototype object of a function that created this object.



Rest Operator:The rest operator is usde to put the rest of some user-supplied values into a JavaScript array.
... rest OPT Syntax.
Or, The rest operator in JS allows a function to take an indefinite number of rguments and bundle them in an array,

Spread-Opt: for combining two Objects.





